.TH RECPERMISSIONS 1 2018\-11\-20
.SH NAME

.B RecPermissions:
Change files and directories owner and permissions recursively.
.SH SYNOPSIS

RecPermissions usage: recpermissions [\-h] [\-\-version] [\-\-user USER] [\-\-group GROUP]
                      [\-\-files PERM] [\-\-directories PERM] [\-\-remove_emptydirs]
                      [\-\-only]
                      absolute_path
.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
This app has the following mandatory parameters:
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-user
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
User used to change files owner. It does nothing if it's not set
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-group
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Group used to change files owner group. It does nothing if it's not set
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-files
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
File permissions in octal to be used. It does nothing if it's not set
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-directories
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Directory permissions in octal to be used. It does nothing if it's not set
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-remove_emptydirs
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
When used in script, removes all empty dirs recursively from path.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B \-\-only
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
Only changes permissions to the file or directory passed in absolute_path parameter.
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B absolute_path
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
To avoid errors and wrong changes, path must be an absolute one.
.RE
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
.RS
.B Null Example
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
recpermissions /home/user/
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This comand does nothing
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Partial Example
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
recpermissions \-\-user user \-\-files 644 /home/user/
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command only changes user permissions and files permissions to 644. Group and directory permissions are not changed:
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Full Example
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
recpermissions \-\-user root \-\-group root \-\-files 640 \-\-directories 750 \-\-remove_emptydirs /home/user/
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command will change user and group to root user and group. Files will have rw\-r\-\-\-\-\- permisions and directories rwxr\-x\-\-\- permisions. If the script finds empty dirs it will remove them:
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.B Only Example
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
recpermissions \-\-user user /home/user/README.txt \-\-only
.RE
.RE
.PP
.RS
.RS
This command will change user ownership to the file /home/usr/README.txt only
.RE
.RE
